British English Academy.
B2 listening activity.
Course: B2 Confident English.
Module 3: Advanced Reading and Listening.
Lesson 3: Advanced Reading and Listening: Reading Lesson 3.
Listen for the argument, contrast and evidence.
Listen to the short text. Focus on the main idea and the key details.
Learning objective: Learners can argue, evaluate, clarify and organise detailed communication in a reading task about research.
Today you will practise language connected to research.
Target language: cleft sentences.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise reading for advanced reading and listening. You will learn useful language connected to research and practise cleft sentences. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B2 level.